c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\OnlineMvcStore.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\OnlineMvcStore.pdb
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\obj\Debug\OnlineMvcStore.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\obj\Debug\OnlineMvcStore.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\obj\Debug\OnlineMvcStore.pdb
C:\Users\usalcj01\home\CurrentProjects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\OnlineMvcStore.dll
C:\Users\usalcj01\home\CurrentProjects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\OnlineMvcStore.pdb
C:\Users\usalcj01\home\CurrentProjects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\usalcj01\home\CurrentProjects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
C:\Users\usalcj01\home\CurrentProjects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
C:\Users\usalcj01\home\CurrentProjects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
C:\Users\usalcj01\home\CurrentProjects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\usalcj01\home\CurrentProjects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
C:\Users\usalcj01\home\CurrentProjects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
C:\Users\usalcj01\home\CurrentProjects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\usalcj01\home\CurrentProjects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\usalcj01\home\CurrentProjects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\usalcj01\home\CurrentProjects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\usalcj01\home\CurrentProjects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
C:\Users\usalcj01\home\CurrentProjects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\usalcj01\home\CurrentProjects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
C:\Users\usalcj01\home\CurrentProjects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\usalcj01\home\CurrentProjects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\usalcj01\home\CurrentProjects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\usalcj01\home\CurrentProjects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\usalcj01\home\CurrentProjects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\usalcj01\home\CurrentProjects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\usalcj01\home\CurrentProjects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\usalcj01\home\CurrentProjects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\usalcj01\home\CurrentProjects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\usalcj01\home\CurrentProjects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\usalcj01\home\CurrentProjects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
C:\Users\usalcj01\home\CurrentProjects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
C:\Users\usalcj01\home\CurrentProjects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\usalcj01\home\CurrentProjects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\usalcj01\home\CurrentProjects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
C:\Users\usalcj01\home\CurrentProjects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\usalcj01\home\CurrentProjects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
C:\Users\usalcj01\home\CurrentProjects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\usalcj01\home\CurrentProjects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\usalcj01\home\CurrentProjects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\usalcj01\home\CurrentProjects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\usalcj01\home\CurrentProjects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\usalcj01\home\CurrentProjects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\usalcj01\home\CurrentProjects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\usalcj01\home\CurrentProjects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\usalcj01\home\CurrentProjects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
C:\Users\usalcj01\home\CurrentProjects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\usalcj01\home\CurrentProjects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
C:\Users\usalcj01\home\CurrentProjects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
C:\Users\usalcj01\home\CurrentProjects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
C:\Users\usalcj01\home\CurrentProjects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
C:\Users\usalcj01\home\CurrentProjects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\usalcj01\home\CurrentProjects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
C:\Users\usalcj01\home\CurrentProjects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
C:\Users\usalcj01\home\CurrentProjects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\usalcj01\home\CurrentProjects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\obj\Debug\OnlineMvcStore.dll
C:\Users\usalcj01\home\CurrentProjects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\obj\Debug\OnlineMvcStore.pdb
C:\Users\usalcj01\home\CurrentProjects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\obj\Debug\OnlineMvcStore.Migrations.InitialCreate.resources
C:\Users\usalcj01\home\CurrentProjects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\obj\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
C:\Users\usalcj01\home\CurrentProjects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\obj\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
D:\james\DevProjects\ASP_NET\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\OnlineMvcStore.dll
D:\james\DevProjects\ASP_NET\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\OnlineMvcStore.pdb
D:\james\DevProjects\ASP_NET\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\james\DevProjects\ASP_NET\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
D:\james\DevProjects\ASP_NET\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
D:\james\DevProjects\ASP_NET\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
D:\james\DevProjects\ASP_NET\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
D:\james\DevProjects\ASP_NET\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
D:\james\DevProjects\ASP_NET\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
D:\james\DevProjects\ASP_NET\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\james\DevProjects\ASP_NET\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\james\DevProjects\ASP_NET\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
D:\james\DevProjects\ASP_NET\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\james\DevProjects\ASP_NET\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
D:\james\DevProjects\ASP_NET\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\james\DevProjects\ASP_NET\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
D:\james\DevProjects\ASP_NET\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\james\DevProjects\ASP_NET\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
D:\james\DevProjects\ASP_NET\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
D:\james\DevProjects\ASP_NET\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\james\DevProjects\ASP_NET\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\james\DevProjects\ASP_NET\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\james\DevProjects\ASP_NET\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\james\DevProjects\ASP_NET\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\james\DevProjects\ASP_NET\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\james\DevProjects\ASP_NET\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\james\DevProjects\ASP_NET\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
D:\james\DevProjects\ASP_NET\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
D:\james\DevProjects\ASP_NET\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\james\DevProjects\ASP_NET\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\james\DevProjects\ASP_NET\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
D:\james\DevProjects\ASP_NET\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\james\DevProjects\ASP_NET\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
D:\james\DevProjects\ASP_NET\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\james\DevProjects\ASP_NET\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\james\DevProjects\ASP_NET\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
D:\james\DevProjects\ASP_NET\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\james\DevProjects\ASP_NET\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\james\DevProjects\ASP_NET\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\james\DevProjects\ASP_NET\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\james\DevProjects\ASP_NET\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\james\DevProjects\ASP_NET\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
D:\james\DevProjects\ASP_NET\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
D:\james\DevProjects\ASP_NET\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
D:\james\DevProjects\ASP_NET\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
D:\james\DevProjects\ASP_NET\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
D:\james\DevProjects\ASP_NET\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
D:\james\DevProjects\ASP_NET\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
D:\james\DevProjects\ASP_NET\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
D:\james\DevProjects\ASP_NET\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
D:\james\DevProjects\ASP_NET\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\obj\Debug\OnlineMvcStore.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\james\DevProjects\ASP_NET\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\obj\Debug\OnlineMvcStore.dll
D:\james\DevProjects\ASP_NET\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\obj\Debug\OnlineMvcStore.pdb
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\OnlineMvcStore.dll
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\OnlineMvcStore.pdb
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\obj\Debug\OnlineMvcStore.dll
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\obj\Debug\OnlineMvcStore.pdb
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\OnlineMvcStore.dll
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\OnlineMvcStore.pdb
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\obj\Debug\OnlineMvcStore.dll
C:\home\Projects\OnlineMvcStore\OnlineMvcStore\obj\Debug\OnlineMvcStore.pdb
